Array element nullable annotation warning (#928)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

Removed support for the `-Anocheckjdk` option, which was deprecated in version 3.1.1.
Use `-ApermitMissingJdk` instead.

> The Nullness Checker now throws an error if a new array creation is marked with @Nullable, which is inherently NonNull.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nullness Checker now reports an error if an array creation is annotated with `@Nullable`,
as array creations are intrinsically non-null.

```
